
It is important that you are running Visual Studio 2019 (latest version).

1. Install Visual Studio 2019 Enterprise (latest version).

	Be sure to include the the following workloads from "Web & Cloud":

		Azure development
		ASP.NET and web development
		Data storage and processing

	And the following workloads from "Other Toolsets":

		.NET Core cross-platform development

	Feel free to add other workloads as desired.

2. Make sure you have the 4.8 (or later) .NET Framework installed.

3. Be sure the .NET Core 3.1 SDK (or later - includes the runtime) is installed.

	https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download

   Click on "Download .NET Core SDK" save it to a temp folder and then when finished
   downloading "open" the download.

4. Make sure you have the needed IIS components installed.

	a. Open the Control Panel.

	b. Select "Programs" and then "Turn Windows features on or off".

	c. Make sure "Internet Information Services" is checked.  If it is
	   not then click on it.  This item will not actually be a "check".
	   It will be a "block".  This is because you can only enable certain
	   aspects of IIS on Windows 10.  All of the parts of IIS that can
	   be enabled on Windows 10 will be checked when you check the top level
	   box.

	d. Make sure "Internet Information Services Hostable Web Core" is checked.

	e. After applying the above changes and rebooting (if needed, I did not need
	   to) you can verify that IIS is installed by going to http://localhost/ in
	   your web browser and see if you can see the IIS Windows default home page.

5. Start Visual Studio 2019.

6. Go to "Tools" > "NuGet Package Manager" and select "Package Manager Settings".

7. Go to the "General" tab of the "NuGet Package Manager" section.

8. Make sure both options under "Package Restore" are checked:

	Allow NuGet to download missing packages
	Automatically check for missing packages during build in Visual

9. Under "Package Management" in the "Default package management format:" to "PackageReference".

10. Now go to the "Tools" menu and selecting the "Options..." item.

11. Go to the "SQL Server Tools" section (in the left most pane) and open
    "Transact-SQL Editor" then open "Query Execution" and select the
    "General" tab.

12. Make sure that "By default, open new queries in SQLCMD mode" is checked.

13. Now go to the "Text Editor" section (in the left most pane) and
    open "C#" and then click on the "Advanced" item.

14. Make sure that "Background analysis scope:" is set to "Entire solution".

15. And finally go to the "Text Editor" section (in the leftmost pane)
    and open "All Languages" and then "Tabs".

16. In the "Indenting" section select "Smart".

17. In the "Tab" section make sure that "Insert spaces" item is checked and set the "Tab size:" and "Indent size" to 4.

18. Go to the "Projects and Solutions" section and open the general tab. Check "Show output window when build starts".

